README.md, before:

# Laravel Placeholder Image
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/kakposoe/laravel-placeholder-image.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/kakposoe/laravel-placeholder-image)
[![StyleCI](https://styleci.io/repos/189258436/shield?branch=master)](https://styleci.io/repos/189258436)

A convenient laravel facade which returns a placeholder image url.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Register Plugin (Laravel 5.5 and below)](#register-service-provider)
- [How to use](#how-to-use)
- [Other image types](#other-image-types)
- [A note about production envs](#a-note-about-production-environments)

## Installation

Install via composer
```bash
composer require kakposoe/laravel-placeholder-image
```

### Register Service Provider

If you use laravel < 5.5, Add service provider to `config/app.php` in `providers` section
```php
Kakposoe\LaravelViewGenerator\LaravelViewGeneratorServiceProvider::class,
```

### Register Facade

If you use laravel < 5.5, register package facade in `config/app.php` in `aliases` section
```php
Kakposoe\LaravelPlaceholderImage\Facades\LaravelPlaceholderImage::class,
```

### Publish Configuration File

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --provider="Kakposoe\LaravelPlaceholderImage\ServiceProvider" --tag="config"
```

## How to use
You can get a placeholder image url within your blade templates by adding:

```php
{{ Placeholder::get($width = null, $height = null) }}
```
By default, images will be returned as a 600px x 400px image.

To change the dimensions of the image, simply add the `$width` and `$height` like so:

```php
{{ Placeholder::get(300, 300) }}
```

## Other image types
There are several different types of image at your disposal:

### Profile Image
To get a profile image placeholder:

```php
<img src="{{ PlaceholderImage::profile($width = null, $height = null) }}">
```

### Icon image
You are able to create a placeholder image with a font-awesome icon in the middle:

```php
<img src="{{ PlaceholderImage::icon('arrow-up') }}">
```

**Note:** By default, the `fa-image` icon will be returned.

### Blurry image
To return a blurry image:

```php
<img src="{{ PlaceholderImage::blur($width = null, $height = null) }}">
```

### Keyword search
You can return a placeholder url based on a keyword:

```php
<img src="{{ PlaceholderImage::keyword('food') }}">
```

### Placeholder with image dimensions
An placeholder image url which has the image dimensions can be returned using the `::dimensions()` method:

```php
<img src="{{ PlaceholderImage::dimensions($width = null, $height = null) }}">
```

## A note about production environments
As these are placeholder images, it is assumed that these should not to be used within production environments.

All placeholder images used in production will be replaced with an `::icon()` placeholder image, avoiding showing inappropriate images and the impression that the image could not be found.

Commit message:

Capitilise Laravel and add credits to bottom

README.md, after:

# Laravel Placeholder Image
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/kakposoe/laravel-placeholder-image.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/kakposoe/laravel-placeholder-image)
[![StyleCI](https://styleci.io/repos/189258436/shield?branch=master)](https://styleci.io/repos/189258436)

A convenient laravel facade which returns a placeholder image url.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Register Plugin (Laravel 5.5 and below)](#register-service-provider)
- [How to use](#how-to-use)
- [Other image types](#other-image-types)
- [A note about production envs](#a-note-about-production-environments)

## Installation

Install via composer
```bash
composer require kakposoe/laravel-placeholder-image
```

### Register Service Provider

If you use Laravel < 5.5, Add service provider to `config/app.php` in `providers` section
```php
Kakposoe\LaravelViewGenerator\LaravelViewGeneratorServiceProvider::class,
```

### Register Facade

If you use Laravel < 5.5, register package facade in `config/app.php` in `aliases` section
```php
Kakposoe\LaravelPlaceholderImage\Facades\LaravelPlaceholderImage::class,
```

### Publish Configuration File

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --provider="Kakposoe\LaravelPlaceholderImage\ServiceProvider" --tag="config"
```

## How to use
You can get a placeholder image url within your blade templates by adding:

```php
{{ Placeholder::get($width = null, $height = null) }}
```
By default, images will be returned as a 600px x 400px image.

To change the dimensions of the image, simply add the `$width` and `$height` like so:

```php
{{ Placeholder::get(300, 300) }}
```

## Other image types
There are several different types of image at your disposal:

### Profile Image
To get a profile image placeholder:

```php
<img src="{{ PlaceholderImage::profile($width = null, $height = null) }}">
```

### Icon image
You are able to create a placeholder image with a font-awesome icon in the middle:

```php
<img src="{{ PlaceholderImage::icon('arrow-up') }}">
```

**Note:** By default, the `fa-image` icon will be returned.

### Blurry image
To return a blurry image:

```php
<img src="{{ PlaceholderImage::blur($width = null, $height = null) }}">
```

### Keyword search
You can return a placeholder url based on a keyword:

```php
<img src="{{ PlaceholderImage::keyword('food') }}">
```

### Placeholder with image dimensions
An placeholder image url which has the image dimensions can be returned using the `::dimensions()` method:

```php
<img src="{{ PlaceholderImage::dimensions($width = null, $height = null) }}">
```

## A note about production environments
As these are placeholder images, it is assumed that these should not to be used within production environments.

All placeholder images used in production will be replaced with an `::icon()` placeholder image, avoiding showing inappropriate images and the impression that the image could not be found.

## Credits

- [Kelvin Akposoe][link-author]

[link-author]: https://github.com/kakposoe
